README.md, before:

# py2pumla
Analyses source code of python implementations (files, classes, modules) and creates pumla architecture elements (re-usable PlantUML).

In concrete, py2pumla does:
- scan a path recursively and find all python implementation files
- generate architecture PlantUML/pumla diagrams for the pyhton source code
  showing the implementation elements and their dependencies.
  
---

## Example

Execute from the `py2pumla` home directory the following command to 
generate the PlantUML pumla files:

`python3 py2pumla.py ./example`

for the following example Python file:
[./example/PElement.py](./example/PElement.py)

This file represents a Python module, therefore the following
re-usable pumla file gets generated:

[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementModule.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementModule.puml)

The file contains 2 functions and one class definition.

For the functions part the following re-usable pumla file gets generated:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/PElementModFuncs.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/PElementModFuncs.puml)

And for the class definition this re-usable pumla file gets generated:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementClass.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementClass.puml)

Furthermore, the following overview on the module is generated:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/allElementsOverview.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/allElementsOverview.puml)

... which leads to this nice overview diagram:
![](./example/allElementsOverview.png)

The descriptions of the classes, methods and functions as notes are derived from the pydoc strings.

## Eat your own dogfood - py2pumla architecture overview

This overview was generated by executing

`python3 py2pumla.py ./`

in `py2pumla`'s home directory.


![](./doc/allElementsOverview.png)



---
# `pumla`

See here for a reference to pumla:

https://github.com/DrMarkusVoss/pumla

Commit message:

bug fix: the argument list of functions and lists contained all variables of that function/method, not only the arguments that it takes. corrected that.

README.md, after:

# py2pumla
Analyses source code of python implementations (files, classes, modules) and creates pumla architecture elements (re-usable PlantUML).

In concrete, py2pumla does:
- scan a path recursively and find all python implementation files
- generate architecture PlantUML/pumla diagrams for the pyhton source code
  showing the implementation elements and their dependencies.
  
---

## Example

First, you have to set the `pumla_path` in the `py2pumla.py` file to the path of the pumla repository on your
computer.

Then execute from the `py2pumla` home directory the following command to 
generate the PlantUML pumla files:

`python3 py2pumla.py ./example`

for the following example Python file:
[./example/PElement.py](./example/PElement.py)

This file represents a Python module, therefore the following
re-usable pumla file gets generated:

[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementModule.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementModule.puml)

The file contains 2 functions and one class definition.

For the functions part the following re-usable pumla file gets generated:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/PElementModFuncs.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/PElementModFuncs.puml)

And for the class definition this re-usable pumla file gets generated:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementClass.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/pelementClass.puml)

Furthermore, the following overview on the module is generated, that includes all generated pumla elements that describe 
the module:
[./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/allElementsOverview.puml](./example/_generated_p2p_pumla/allElementsOverview.puml)

... which leads to this nice overview diagram:
![](./example/allElementsOverview.png)

The descriptions of the classes, methods and functions as notes are derived from the pydoc strings.

## Dependencies / System requirements

- pumla >= v0.5 (for reference see chapter below)
- Linux, MacOs (>= v10.14.6)
- Python >= v3.7
- PlantUML

## Eat your own dogfood - py2pumla architecture overview

This overview on the low level architecture of `py2pumla` was generated by executing

`python3 py2pumla.py ./`

in `py2pumla`'s home directory.


![](./doc/allElementsOverview.png)



---
# `pumla`

See here for a reference to pumla:

https://github.com/DrMarkusVoss/pumla
